docs: deprecated repository (#6)
azz/eslint-plugin-mdx: README.md

# `eslint-plugin-mdx`

> > This repository is out of maintenance anymore, please visit [eslint-mdx](https://github.com/rx-ts/eslint-mdx) for further usage instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **This repository no longer maintained, and the `eslint-plugin-mdx` name has been transferred to [eslint-mdx](https://github.com/rx-ts/eslint-mdx).**
```
